This story has been written by: Briana and Denisa and Florin and Roxana of team PowerPuff girls

20 years ago, professor Florin created 3 little girls, Briana, Denisa and Roxana, by adding toghether the elemnents of skibidi and slay. They were caled the Powerpuff Divas.
 If you want to check the city mayor go to 2. 
 If you want to know more about the divas go to 1.


 1.
 Denisa is the best. Briana is not well. Professor Florin used the wrong substance when creating Briana.
 Roxana is chill. She is the one that calms the waters between Denisa and Briana. Denisa is the only one that
 can save Briana from her 67 crisis.
Go to 50 to save Briana or 51 to not save Briana. 
2
The mayor reveled a secret map showing the elements of the skibidi were being stolen. He gave the girls their first mission: to protect the city center from the thieves. 
  Choose what to do next:
  If you want the Divas to search the city for stolen skibidi go to 30.
  If you want the Divas to throw a massive party to save the city's vibe go to 31.

31
  The Divas organized their party into an abandoned building because they wanted their party to have a spooky and unique vibe. They invited everybody in town except for Mojo Jojo.
  Choose what to do next:
  If you want Mojo Jojo to find out and crash the party go to 32.
  If you want a villain to appear at the party and set fire to the building go to 33.
   

51. Denisa’s out here fighting for her life against skibidi toilets like it’s a normal Tuesday, fully locked in, meanwhile Briana somehow manages to get stabbed immediately like girl how did you even get into that situation. She tries to get up—respect, love the effort—but Tralalero Tralala just slams her right back down like "oh hell nah". Denisa looks over for a second, processes it, and you can feel the silent “yeah… she’s gone” before she just goes back to fighting because honestly what is she even supposed to do at this point. Our story ends here dear friend. Better luck next try ig.
30.
You first stop is at the Luca covrigeriene. You order the special and the lady that works there gives you two covrigi laced with fruit love island ai propaganda. you have two options: eat and spit in her face, threatening to give you the skibidi piece (15), or keep going (10), disappointing in what luca has become.


50.
In order to save Briana you have to go to Denisa and beg for her powers to save Briana. It will be really hard 
because they are enemies. In order to convince her you must follow the next steps. You have to buy her a pack
of terea turqoise and kent eclipse purple. But be careful because she wants to quit so you must not give it to her
when she is trying to. 

Go to 52 in order to give her the packs when she's not trying to quit and 53 to give it to her when she is trying
to do so.

53. Denisa tried to quit so many times before but now looking at the pack of cigarettes in front of her she just couldn't say no. Or could she?
 If she accepts go to 54.
If she doesn't go to 55.
